i do not have the choice i cannot work
twice as hard at my job
and earn twice as much money i'm not an
entrepreneur
if i work twice as hard at my job i'll
earn exactly the same amount of money
and a lot of people are in jobs like
that if i work twice as hard on having
meaningful relationships
with women with members of the opposite
sex i get
10 times more out of it
you know all that time you're spinning
out texting girls and whatever you
should be
trying to build a business trying to do
something to help yourself
you know and be productive you know
that's
a million times more important girls you
in a lifetime it does not do
for you i happen to see this video by
rich piana rich piana is a well-known
bodybuilder
and youtube personality he's probably
more famous now
just for commenting on the meaning of
life and giving people advice
on youtube than he was as a bodybuilder
before no shade that's great i'm happy
for him that he's kind of transformed
his life
but he's one of these guys who tends to
ignore
the extent to which his unique
experience in life
biases him it would be a bit like if i
came on camera
and started giving advice about romance
that
totally reflected my experience being a
white man
living in thailand anybody could say
back yeah but come on this is ridiculous
what you've just said about romance and
dating this is only true of being a
white man in thailand
and maybe it's only true of being a tall
white-skinned
big-nosed white man in thailand in
thailand having pale skin is considered
attractive and believe it or not
having a big nose the thais are obsessed
with that
i kid you not in the thai language there
is no word for
big nose there is no word for having too
big a nose
their word in the language for big nose
is beautiful nose
it's hilarious and all over thailand
there are advertisements
for rhinoplastic augmentation
when i got there i was like what is
rhinoplasty i've never heard of this
before
uh it means nose job but it specifically
means a nose job
to make your nose bigger i kid you not
so
when i watch a video like this from rich
piana
first of all i'm struck by the extent to
which he's talking about a situation
with relations between men and women
that 85 of men are never going to know
and are never going to relate to
now i say 85 to be reasonable maybe 15
percent of men live that way and share
those attitudes and share those problems
i can imagine i can relate on some level
rich panda made this video and he starts
off
by talking about cheating and why you
should not
cheat on your girlfriend or not cheating
on your wife or your boyfriend ever
i sympathize but the video kind of makes
an unmarked transition
his topic drifts into talking about
relationships in general
you know relationships with the opposite
sex and the balance between career
ambition
and relationships and the
meaninglessness of dating itself
and this really makes me reflect on what
it means to be a middle-aged man i'm 38
years old
i identify as middle aged 30 years old
and divorced
divorced getting divorced ages you let's
face it um
at one point he's saying
you have to choose between being focused
on your career
working hard and earning a ton of money
and having two or three girlfriends at
the same time
and being broke i get for
99 of men i know for the vast majority
of men
that's not the choice you have in life
i do not have the choice i cannot work
twice as hard at my job
and earn twice as much money i'm not an
entrepreneur
if i work twice as hard at my job i'll
earn exactly the same amount of money
and a lot of people are in jobs like
that
across the board i think the vast
majority of forms of
of employment if you're not an
entrepreneur if you're not self-employed
you know i don't choose the number of
hours i work i can't work twice as many
hours
it's set in a contract i have certain
responsibilities i can do a good job
i can do an adequate job if i work twice
as hard i don't get twice as much out of
it
if i work twice as hard on having
meaningful relationships
with women with members of the opposite
sex i get
ten times more out of it i get a hundred
times more i get a thousand times more
out of it
and that word meaningful is exactly
what's missing
from rich piana's view of the universe
that's what's partly so
alien and in a sense fascinating to me
he describes a world in which like he
says you sit down with a woman
you tell her your story that you've
already told thousands of times before
and you don't want to tell you whatever
and you hear her story and you've heard
it all before you don't want to hear it
he's seeing this where the the main
benefit to your ego he talks a lot about
ego which i understand
that your main benefit to your ego is
bragging about your relationship this
woman with your
your male friends now look this i'm sure
this reflects rich's own experience with
women
but for a lot of us out here our
experience is so far at the opposite
extreme
that we can't even imagine seeing the
world through rich piana's eyes
what he's talking about is being so
meaningless and so hollow and so empty
just being a burden
of having to sit down and have these
conversations with women
those conversations with women are the
most meaningful conversations in my life
and in a sense i can lament that as
being sad
one of the things i really don't like
about being middle aged
is that man people only talk to you if
it's about sex or money
and every time i mention this submission
to friends an email i've mentioned to
friends and face to face conversations
and i've probably mentioned it on
youtube before
but like man once you get past a certain
age people are normally
just not motivated to put in the time to
get to know you
to remain your friend even if you
already are friends unless there's a
sexual connection
or there's a business connection so i've
met so many people
in the last five years hundreds and
hundreds of people
remember i was on a university campus in
canada so every day i was meeting people
including people my own age
people 25 35 but 55 meeting people
striking up conversations talking about
politics history making friends to some
extent none of those people are still
there i met so many people when i was
living in taiwan
the one dude in taiwan who still really
makes the effort to stay in touch with
me say how are you doing what's going on
is the dude who knows we may be business
partners in the future we may be making
some money together may go into business
together
and i respect that and the friendship is
not phony
it's not fake it's real we enjoy talking
to each other
i'm interested in what's going on in his
personal life he's addressing what's
going on my personal life
you know he knows about my divorce and
stuff you know like it's not
it's not a business relationship we are
friends
but the only reason he's making that
effort whether he's aware of it or not i
think he is aware of it is that
money motivation and likewise like dude
like i can remember like a couple years
ago somebody said to me like
send me an email saying like oh well
should i be offended that you say people
only talk to you if it's about
money or sex because i'm not trying to
[ __ ] you
any of those people who said that to me
man where are they now
i got an email the other day from a
female friend where we are just friends
there's never been any sexual connection
and she hadn't sent me an email for like
two and a half years
i'm not mad at her but that's what it's
like
and when you're middle-aged like for me
a huge reason to put in the effort
to have sexual relations or romantic
relations
is because the sexual relations anchor
a really meaningful friendship really
meaningful engage with people
who care about your life and want to
know you
and in the best case scenario you can
have a relationship with a woman
where you progress from having been
lovers
to being just friends but they still
have that engagement with you they still
have that commitment to you and that
lasts they still really care about you
forever like maybe when i'm 65 years old
still care about me
um even though the romantic side of it
didn't work out i've said this before my
channel so i'm going to say it real
quick now
i just meet people with an open heart
and an open mind
i see what's possible can we be friends
can we be lovers like is there the
potential for this kind of relationship
that kind of relationship
and i'd like to think i'm dealing with
people mature enough where if they
wanted a romantic relationship
but we figure out it's not possible
we're not compatible we can still
build on a friendship or vice versa
whatever
you know but that's that's so
alien to me you know rich pianist view
with the world
that i mean really
on a deep level he assumes that the
relationship is completely meaningless
aside from sex and bragging to your
friends
and an ego trip so naturally given that
perspective
he's he's not just against cheating on
your girlfriend he's really against
relationships women at all he's telling
you to minimize the amount of time and
energy you spend on relationships with
women
and put all of your energy into
allegedly
making money but working harder at your
job
like i said already for most of us we
don't have the decision
between being rich and single and being
broke
with a bunch of meaningful relationships
in our lives
that's not a choice 85 percent of men
99 of men the majority of men do not
have that choice
my choice is between being broke
and having meaningful relationships or
being broke
and not having meaningful relationships
and
i mean it's sad it's sad i'm sure it
just reflects his own experience
but even on that level of earning money
why do you assume
that meaningful relationships with women
whether it's with just one woman
or with one woman why do you assume
that's just a drag on your productivity
that that's just gonna diminish your
ability
to pursue your ambitions in life whether
your ambitions are
just making money or just career or
whether your ambitions are like research
educational ambitions you want to learn
something you want to write a great book
whatever it is you want to do in life
i'm sure on a deep level rich has had
his heart broken so many times he's been
disappointed with him and sometimes that
that doesn't even occur to him
but my experience with women in my life
if i was trying to make money
i'm not really but if i was ambitious if
my ambitions were attached to money
then i'd be looking for the woman who
comes to my life playing a positive role
hey now we're going to get money
together when
in the past i was really motivated by
research language research history
research politics research
i'm looking for the woman who's going to
come into my life and it's going to be
hey
let's do research together you know
let's get this phd together
let's rate this essay together let's
publish this together
and so i i mean look obviously i have
nothing in common with rich piana
but to me watching that video was just
fascinating because it made me reflect
on such a deep level how alien i am from
him
and i don't know i don't know how many
guys i'm mailing from
just because i guess he sees
meaningful relationships either as
impossible
or the whole meaning of the relationship
is just a waste of his [ __ ] time
the meaning of the relationship is an
unwanted distraction from his business
life
and it's just an unwanted obstacle
between
him and sex and for me
it's tragic in a way but honestly it's
more like
the sex is the price you've got to pay
to have meaningful and loving
relationships in your life
because i don't like it but when you hit
middle age it seems like the only people
who are motivated to be your friends
are people who either have some
connection with you sexually
or they have some connection with you in
terms of business
where it's about money on some level
past present future you're going out and
making money together
you know all that time you're spending
out texting girls and whatever you
should be
trying to build a business trying to do
something to help yourself
you know and be productive you know
that's
a million times more important how many
girls you in a lifetime
it does not do for you
i couldn't even ima i don't even want to
[ __ ] get to know
a new girl because it is a pain in the
ass you know you gotta sit and you text
back and forth and then you call and
then you go out to dinner
you listen to the you gotta listen to
the whole
you know story then you're gonna tell
your story it's the same
done a million times and it's like
i you know i
can't do it you know i mean it's it's to
me it's just a waste of
talk boss featuring words that kill my
sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live a stereo flow
filming
donna realty set the black people free
today i'm going to talk about
do steroids make your balls straight
well the answer is
yes they do bye